Update enterprise-hub-network-security.md (#2124)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/enterprise-hub-network-security.md

<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/enterprise/dark-network-sec-ip-ranges.png" alt="Screenshot of the Organization IP Ranges field."/>
</div>

> Once organization admins have completed the “Organization IP Ranges” in the Network Security settings, a manual verification is carried out jointly by Hugging Face Solution Engineers and the organization’s admins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once organization admins populate the “Organization IP Ranges” in the Network Security settings, a manual verification—carried out jointly by Hugging Face Solution Engineers and the organization’s admins—is required for the "Require login for users in your IP ranges" setting to become available.
```
maybe something like that - IP verification is not needed for "Restrict organization access to your IP ranges only", even though i agree it's more verbose, will let you decide
